- HTML

● What is doctype and what does it do? 
It is the first line of code in html and xhtml document declarring the document's type. It tells the browser what version of
html is the document written in

● What are data-* attributes for?
They allow us to embed our own defined data in the html pages. they could be later used by javascript.

● How does positioning CSS and script tags help the performance?
Seperation of conserns. If somthing went wrong in css or javascript it does not effect the html document loading.
Another thing is that the browser does not have to treat the loading document in different ways.


- CSS

● What is the difference between "resetting" and "normalizing" CSS? Which one do
you use?
Resetting changes all browser built-in styling to null to avoid cross-browser differencees while normalizing 
improves cross-browser consistency in HTML element default styling of the browser’s user agent. 
Basicley it preserve default useful browsers instead of erasing them.
I'll prefer normalizing becaus it is faster, easier and keeps usfull styling and prevent "reenventing the wheel".
 
● What is box-sizing in CSS? How does it work?
It defines how the total width and height of an element is calculated.
width or height = margin + border + padding + content

● What’s the difference between a relative, fixed, absolute and statically positioned
element?
reletive positioning is reletive to the element normal position and the gap that it leaves behind cannot be filled by other elements.
absolute takes the element out of its normal flow and position is reletive to the first ancestor which has reletive or static positioning.
static is the default positioning and is the normall flow of the document.
fixed positioning fixes the position of the element within the browser screen and will not go away with scrolling.

● What does it mean when we say "a website is mobile-first designed"?
It is an approach in which designers start project for mobile devices first. 
This can be done by coding the web-app's design for the smallest screen 
first and gradually work on larger screen sizes.

